In this exercise, we'll update the work we did in
our last exercise to use schema registry.
So returning to our workspace,
we're going to see familiar code here.
We have our purchase or line item,
and we have an existing schema with our line items type defined inside of it.
Now, we're going to need to update our produce and consume functions a little bit.
So first, we're going to go ahead and create a schema registry type.
Now, this CachedSchemaRegistryClient is actually
imported from confluent kafka-python library.
As you can see on line 11.
We've also, while we're up here,
I want to point out imported the AvroConsumer and the AvroProducer.
So returning to schema registry definition.
We're going to go ahead and pass in the location of the broker,
and the schema register URL is defined on line 18,
and you'll also have the schema registry URL to find your exercise for you.
So we simply pass it into
the CachedSchemaRegistryClient to instantiate
it and then we'll have a schema registry instance.
We're going to pass that into our producer.
So we're going to say schema registry equals schema registry instance.
Next, we need to update our producer to actually send the schema data to the topic.
So historically, we're using a producer type,
we want to make sure that we use the AvroProducer.
Then one of the major differences between
the standard producer and an AvroProducer is that we have to specify schemas.
So we're going to pass in the value schema as
purchase and the name of the attribute is schema as Purchase.schema.
There's one other thing we have to do.
You'll notice that the function we were previously using to actually configure
the schema and serialize it in the purchase object is gone.
That's because avro in confluent kafka-python library
has utility function that we can use to actually package the avro schema for us.
So this is now just a simple string as you can see,
and we're just going to call avro.loads.
So this says, use the avro functionality from
the confluent kafka-python library and load the string definition
of our schema into this object and now we have that our producers should be all set.
We're going to define the value schema as purchase dot schema.
So let's go ahead and just run this as is we're not
quite done yet but let's see if our producer works.
So our consumers not doing anything.
So we're going to go ahead and exit or it is getting the data but as you can see,
it's still in binary format.
So this isn't very useful to us.
We can't really tell what it is because we have all this binary compacted data.
So let's exit out here and let's now update our consumer to also use the schema registry.
So again we're going to use that variable,
schema registry URL, to instantiate a new schema registry type.
We're going to update this to be an AvroConsumer instead of
just a normal consumer and we're going to specify
schema registry instance to the one we just constructed,
and then that should be just about it.
That's all the updating we really need to do at the consumer.
So let's run our application one more time and see how it functions.
As you can see now,
we can actually read and see that the data looks much nicer and
easier to understand just like normal JSON would've seen historically.
So you can see that using the AvroConsumer and producer and
the built-in avro functionality in the
kafka confluent python library can really make
it much easier to use avro than to do it yourself manually.
It's also worth mentioning while we are here that
the usage of schema registry is also nice because we didn't have
to actually package our avro schema definition
alongside the messages that we were producing or consuming.
The library took care of fetching the schema for us and
shepherding the data into and out of the avro format.